n distributed and parallel tests.
Think of it like a group of students working together to solve a big pile of homework faster!

What is Parallel Testing?

Imagine you have 100 math problems to solve.
If one student solves them all by themselves, it will take a long time.
But if you divide the problems among 5 students,
each student can solve 20 problems at the same time. This makes the work finish faster.

In testing, parallel testing means running multiple tests at the same time on different
“students” (computers or CPU cores).

What is Distributed Testing?

Now, imagine the 100 math problems are so many that even
5 students can’t do it quickly. You bring in students from other classrooms to help.
Each classroom takes a part of the homework.

In testing, distributed testing means running tests across multiple computers or
environments. It’s like dividing the work among different classrooms.

Why Do We Use Parallel and Distributed Testing?
1. Save Time: Running tests one by one takes a long time.
Running them together finishes faster.
2. Handle Big Tasks: If there are too many tests, splitting them makes the job easier.
3. Use More Resources: We can use the power of multiple computers or CPU cores.

How Does It Work in Real Life?

To run tests in parallel or distribute them,
we use a tool called pytest-xdist.
  It’s like a teacher who divides the problems among students.

Running Parallel Tests

Parallel testing means splitting the work across multiple CPU cores on the same computer.

Step 1: Install pytest-xdist

First, we install the helper tool. Think of it like giving each student a pencil to work with:

pip install pytest-xdist

Step 2: Run Tests in Parallel

To tell pytest to run the tests in parallel,
use the -n option. The number after -n is how many “students” will work at the same time.

pytest -n 4

• If you have 100 tests and set -n 4, pytest will divide the tests among 4 workers,
  and each will handle 25 tests.

Running Distributed Tests

Distributed testing means dividing the tests across multiple computers.

Step 1: Set Up Multiple Computers

Imagine each “classroom” is a different computer. You need to:
1. Install pytest-xdist on each computer.
2. Make sure all computers can communicate with each other.

Step 2: Use a Distributed Runner

You can use tools like Docker or cloud services
to manage distributed testing. These tools are like school administrators
assigning classrooms to handle different parts of the work.

An Example Parallel Testing Story

Let’s say we have a group of kids solving puzzles:
1. The Pile of Puzzles: You have 100 puzzles to solve.
2. One Kid Solving Alone: If one kid solves them alone, it takes 100 minutes (1 minute per puzzle).
3. Four Kids Solving Together: If you give the puzzles to 4 kids, each solves 25 puzzles. The whole job finishes in 25 minutes because they work at the same time.

How It Looks in Code

Here’s how the tests might look:

def test_puzzle1():
    assert 1 + 1 == 2

def test_puzzle2():
    assert 2 + 2 == 4

def test_puzzle3():
    assert 3 + 3 == 6

def test_puzzle4():
    assert 4 + 4 == 8

If you run these tests with:

pytest -n 2

• Worker 1 solves test_puzzle1 and test_puzzle2.
• Worker 2 solves test_puzzle3 and test_puzzle4.

Key Terms for 5th Graders
• Worker: A “student” helping to solve problems (run tests).
• Parallel Testing: Solving problems at the same time on one computer.
• Distributed Testing: Solving problems at the same time on multiple computers.

Summary
• Parallel Testing: Like dividing homework among a few students in the same room.
• Distributed Testing: Like dividing homework among students in different classrooms.
• Why? To save time and finish big tasks quickly.
• Tool: Use pytest-xdist to run parallel or distributed tests.

This way, testing becomes faster and smarter, just like teamwork in real life!